TELCODOCS#2164: Added pin information (#95044)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-ptp-e810-hardware-configuration-reference.adoc

The `SMA2` connector is bidirectional.
|====

> To configure a hardware pin on the Intel E810 NIC, you use the following command format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure a hardware pin on the Intel E810 NIC, run the following command:
```

> To configure a hardware pin on the Intel E810 NIC, you use the following command format:

Reviewer: This should be a single step procedure module.
https://redhat-documentation.github.io/modular-docs/#con-creating-procedure-modules_writing-mod-docs

[source,terminal]
----
export ETH=enp1s0f0
echo <function> <connector ID> > /sys/class/net/$ETH/device/ptp/*/pins/SMA1
----

> Where:

Reviewer: use a definition list. see previous comment.
https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#callouts-in-code-blocks

The `SMA2` connector is bidirectional.
|====

> To configure a hardware pin on the Intel E810 NIC, run the following command:
> [source,terminal]
> ----
> export ETH=enp1s0f0
> echo <function> <connector ID> > /sys/class/net/$ETH/device/ptp/*/pins/SMA1
> ----
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Pin configuration on the Intel E810 NIC can be done through the plugin  `spec.profile.plugins.e810.pins` section:

pins:
              <interface name>:
                  <Connector name>: <function> <channel number>
 
```

Where:

`<function>`:: Specifies the role of the pin.

The following values are associated with the pin role:

`0`::: Disabled
`1`::: Rx (Receive timestamping)
`2`::: Tx (Transmit timestamping)

> `<connector ID>`:: Identifies the physical connector.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`<channel number>`:: A number associated with the physical connector.
```

> The following values are associated with the physical connector:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following channel numbers are associated with the physical connectors:
```

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.
